welcome to slash forward
in this video we'll be taking a look at
the theatrical debut of vince vaughn in
the 2020 body swap horror film freaky
if any part of this video at all helps
you break a curse
hit the like button let's get to it
we open a large house where within its
confines a group of teens gather around
the fire pit to imbibe and tell tales of
the blissfield butcher
a perennial maniac who's been
slaughtering youngsters every year since
1977. ginny however is unimpressed as
she identifies this story as an urban
legend
used to prevent teenage debauchery
around homecoming time over zealous to
ramp up the spook factor
isaac instead commits a major party foul
so sandra goes to clean up and he gets
the hint to give the two lovebirds some
privacy
after scoping out the bitchin art
collection inside he makes his way to
the cellar to collect some red wine
every teenager's favorite libation a
sudden noise causes him to drop the
bottle and his cleanup efforts are
interrupted when a large man provides
direct bottle service to his gullet
causing his throat to blossom
back upstairs sandra finishes wiping
herself down in the bathroom when
someone starts knocking aggressively on
the door
not taking her failure to respond as a
desire for privacy he busts down the
door and gives her head the business
with a toilet seat meanwhile jenny is
also getting the business in the garage
evan waddles out after her begging for a
finisher and gets more than he was
hoping for
as a tennis racket is crammed into both
sides of his head
jenny runs off but her pursuer continues
after her with poison confidence
showing the patience of a seasoned
expert despite this expertise he misses
the falsity in the back of the closet
and despite being perfectly safe back
there ginny emerges after he leaves
when daddy arrives she runs out
foolishly getting the blunt end of the
spear
the butcher then snags the ceremonial
dagger he came for and leaves the
parents to clean up
his mess rude the next day we wake up
with millie living a cozy family
lifestyle that's just her and the ladies
her sister charlene shames her for
planning to ditch homecoming to attend
the theater with her mom but they're
just doing the best they can trying to
get by after dad died
then she meets up with josh and nyla on
her way to school they also try to
convince her that homecoming would be a
positive experience
as her crush booker is going and they
strive every day to help her own her
burgeoning sexuality it's just that she
gives so much of herself to everyone
else
when's it gonna be her turn to get what
she wants and deserves we then learn via
ryler and her friend group that millie
is subject to daily passive aggressive
bullying from the student body
and when she arrives at shop class late
aggressive aggressive bullying from the
faculty she gets embarrassed in front of
booker when she's called to present her
project a week early but she's
ultimately
saved by the bell alerting the students
of their fallen comrades
our trio friends meet up at their normal
lunch spot to gossip about the recent
string of murders and josh suggests this
to be the work of the butcher the girls
aren't buying it but he also predicts
these events won't slow down the town's
thirst for homecoming and that turns out
to be true
so after the game millie hangs back
since her mom is coming to pick her up
unfortunately she finds herself still
waiting after the entire crowd has
dispersed because her mom is deep into a
bottle of chardonnay
jar calls to let her know but then her
phone dies leaving her to sit in silence
but she's not lonely for long as she
peers across the vacant lot and sees a
man patiently waiting for an invitation
to come over
she tries to warn him off but he is
undeterred so millie does her best to
scramble away with that
absolute dump truck of an ass she ducks
out below the bleachers and when the
coast
seems to be clear emerges but he's right
there he tackles her on the field under
the light of the full moon
and penetrates her shoulder with the
wisdom of the ages he seems to suffer a
reciprocal wound but before he can
provide any context charlene arrives and
runs him off
that night she gets some good
restorative sleep but wakes up in an
unusual mindset that of a middle-aged
psychopath and she glances around her
surroundings as if seeing everything for
the first time again
meanwhile on the other side of town in
the taxidermy district the butcher also
wakes up
feeling refreshed but confused only
rather than staying tight-lipped about
it he openly wonders about his voice and
bodily characteristics
when his roomie pops in looking for some
drugs he claims to have none
but his queries do i look like a um you
know do i look like a girl
would suggest otherwise we get final
confirmation of a successful body swap
back at millie's house where motherly
comfort seems to be foreign to her
while she also exhibits a newfound
enthusiasm for the promise of a
nutrient-dense breakfast
milly now the butcher incarnate ponders
the notion of killing her family but
he's distracted from this task by the
mention of school and friends
an exciting proposition for any
enthusiast of murdering teenagers
so while millie tries to make her way
through town toward the school while
remaining inconspicuous despite her
massive new frame
the butcher is similarly trying to find
a way to let his own personality traits
shine through in his new body as he
struts into school we see he managed to
get his hair done reasonably well and he
chose to go with a bold red lip which
really sets the boys off
he stalks the hallways trying to decide
where to start when ryler pops in to
suckle on some of that victim's clout
and they head off to a private location
so as millie sneaks in the back ryler
leads the butcher to the quiet solitude
of the locker room where she tries to
get her new bestie to puke up all the
swarthy deets about the attempted
homecoming game murder
however the butcher remains
disinterested fed up with the lack of
gossip feeding her soul ryler takes a
pee break
when she emerges she hears some running
water and is shocked to find a large man
in there
she runs out for safety and the butcher
helpfully hides her in a cryo chamber
where he hopes they'll have a cure for
terrible personalities sometime around
24 55. millie finds her here which
provides confirmation that she's
trailing just behind the butcher
back in gen pop the announcement goes
out that the homecoming dance has been
indefinitely postponed due to recent
circumstances
the butcher gets dragged into class and
without missing a beat demonstrates how
not ready booker is to get on his level
while mr bernardi successfully attracts
his full attention through harassment
meanwhile
in the auditorium the monster squad is
noting how unusual it is for millie not
to meet them for lunch when she suddenly
appears
she attempts to bend their ears for a
few minutes to convince them to trust
her while
also fending off their defensive attacks
after they all get themselves tuckered
out from the beatings and the physical
violence she performs her mascot routine
with the vigor and technical acuity that
only the real millie could
afterwards she answers all their
personal questions to convince them
further
once trust has been established they
move on to phase two which involves
filling them in on the details of the
body swap situation while making a
series of relatable observations
standing in ping is kind of rad luckily
josh is a master of google research and
quickly finds the dagger in question
it's called ledola and given its origins
they seek out an
interpretation of its inscriptions from
the spanish teacher who reveals to them
that its cursed effects become
permanent after 24 hours and since the
butcher never called no stab backs they
have to find him and jab him with lidola
before midnight
as they run off to sort this out he
returns to mr bernardi's room to get his
revenge
however he learns quickly that his new
frame doesn't hold up against punishment
in quite
the same way despite this he hangs in
there and picks his moment gaining the
upper hand with a flat head to the neck
mr bernardi then removes it sealing his
demise but just for style points the
butcher lays him out on the table and
gives him a miko's classic although this
time with a sharper blade and a larger
budget he takes him
all the way downtown upon exiting the
classroom the two swappers have a brief
standoff which ends when he finally
settles fully into his role and takes
advantage of not looking like a notable
serial killer the trio makes it to
josh's
car and he gets its little four-banger
screaming like a howler monkey as they
speed off and try to determine the best
way to hide their friend
the call goes out about the butcher
being escorted by two utes
and charlene picks it up right as they
pass so she takes off in hot pursuit but
they dip into a nearby parking lot and
stash milly away in a dressing room
once the heat dies down they fix her up
with a serviceable mask
and then they note via social media that
the butcher is enamoring himself to the
boys
he suggests they conduct a secret
underground homecoming party at the old
abandoned mill and then he gets a bit
randy with the bradster
i can't wait to kill you and when he
walks off booker follows
luckily the gang shows up and sees the
impending murder on the security monitor
so they all head back to the haunted
miniature golf course while millie does
manage to save booker she's forced to
take them both out to avoid blowing her
cover then they all settle in back at
josh's house where booker comes out of
his coma like he's waking up from a nap
milly attempts to explain the situation
to him while the butcher undermines her
at every turn
but she wins him over by dramatically
reciting a moving poem that she
anonymously dropped in his locker the
other day
and it gets his pants to fit and funny
now established as a quartet they have
to decide who
is the baritone and also how to get into
the police evidence locker
to retrieve lidola they leave josh to
watch over the butcher while they make
their way to the police station
nyla takes the lead here and rushes in
to claim that she just escaped the
butcher's clutches and then he ran
around out back
meanwhile josh's mom comes home early
putting him in an awkward situation
the best he can do is claim their role
playing but his mom's been around the
world and she recognizes role play to be
a sex game
forcing him to try to cover by coming
out as straight fed up with nonsense she
attempts to free him right as he takes
care of it himself and they both
excitedly scream run their way down the
hallway
josh calls to warn nyla that the butcher
is free but this distracts her long
enough to get caught in the act by
charlene who returns from the alley and
draws down on her the station then
bursts into confusion as everyone
converges there at the same time
millie's presence allows the butcher to
escape out the back where she jacks the
cruiser and nearly runs down josh just
as he arrives at the station
inside char is attempting to walk her
sister into a cell but gets reversed
after a brief distraction
after apologies and smooches the kids
then run off to the mill party to meet
their destiny they arrived there behind
the butcher and confirmed they have
about 13 minutes to pull this off
time to stab this [ __ ] always ahead
of them the butcher has made his
preliminary selection
allowing himself to be lured into a jock
jam situation in which he
easily takes out the non-varsity players
before arming himself with a chaney and
performing a sloppy immature vasectomy
as a search for him josh has led to a
back room by phil
who claims to have information on
millie's whereabouts but it turns out he
was only interested in trying to verify
his sexuality
before he can get closure on this
however he becomes fodder for the
gorehounds by getting a surprise hook in
the eye
here again everyone converges
simultaneously and in the resulting
confusion the butcher manages to slip
out however
by calling on the speed of youth they
managed to get him pinned down with five
minutes to spare so milly can get to
stabbing
this time the magic helpfully provides
an immediate switchback
convenient because upon josh's command
shoot that [ __ ]
the police passed down an extra judicial
sentencing while booker and millie
finally get an intimate moment
to and as themselves the butcher is
carted off in an ambulance
he flatlines along the way but with
indications of deception
later at home after some time to calm
and cuddle millie hears a noise and
finds the back door open
now paranoid she checks to make sure
everything is okay and the coast appears
to be clear but only because this is a
matter of perspective
the butcher's here for revenge but she's
still seeking the degree of personal
growth that would provide a satisfactory
conclusion to her character arc
so after triple teaming him to the best
of their abilities she manages to drum
up the courage to bring the big man down
via wooden stake through the sternum
and now the ladies are ready for
whatever the future brings
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch i'd like to give a huge thanks to
my donors memorialized in the hall of
head shots
freaky is a fantastic recent release
it's an excellent example of a simple
premise done well with a perfect balance
of suspense and humor and a willingness
to go hard with the gore this would be a
definite recommendation for anyone
given the uneven quality of some recent
releases i'm not sure you would fail to
have a good time watching this movie and
if you enjoyed the video
i'd love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching